---
layout: post
title: "New Year; New Year"
categories: update
---

It's the New Year (2016) and it's a great time for a new start. I'm not about to
start new resolutions, so this is a short one looking back at 2015.

So what were the significant things I can remember in 2015?

* **Deadlifts and Squat personal records!** I remember the preparation and the
  training to get to a point where I can actually lift more than my body weight.
  This is significant for me because I've found that I'm somewhat good at doing
  this weight lifting. I should probably do this more often. I should also
  probably work more on my upper body, where I have some weakness and imbalance.
  Let's see whether 2016 gets more more personal records and at least a stronger
  upper body.
* **Management!** 2015 is the year I got to have a hand at management. I found
  that very enlightening, and I probably am not ready to actually do more of it.
  However, I'm happy to gain the perspective brought about by being responsible
  for managing people. This might be another year where I get a chance to do
  more.
* **Family time!** I had spent a lot of time at home the second half of the year
  where I had not travelled anywhere outside of Australia. In 2016 I expect to
  not travel too much again, so hopefully this continues for me.
* **Slack Ask Me Anything!** It was interesting that the people at
  [phackers](http://phackers.io) considered me for an ask me anything. I don't
  see myself doing anything like that in 2016 though. Although it might not be
  up to me.
* **Buying a unit (AKA condo, or apartment)!** We finally pulled the trigger and
  now we're in wait for the official settlement. This is one of the dreams I've
  had for a while for my family when we first arrived in Sydney in 2011. 2016 is
  the year when we finally make this unit our home.

I'm sure there's more awesome things that happened in 2015 but these ones stick
out in my mind.

May you all have a happy new year!
